From the quality of life's deep love,
Even if the Wei clan’s industry is not terrible,
He also needs to be able to be a gatekeeper.
Even if no one takes it as the will of the people,
There must also be no knowledge of the past.
That’s a lot!
Let me coax him down!
So much! Let me coax him down! So much! So much! So much! So much! So much! So much! So much! So much! So much! So much!
Ah! So many! So many! So many! So many! So many! So many! So many! So many! So many! So many! So many!
So many! So many! So many! So many! So many!
So many! So many!
It's a pity to know each other's death
Of course I use violence to love
On the power of Wanli Fenghong’s evidence
There is no power
We are here to save Xu Hua
Isn’t it that we need to find a talent?